1] Spinal headache

symptoms:
headache in - forehead, temples, upper neck, back of the head
nausea
neck pain
dizziness
visual changes
tinnitus
hearing loss
radiating pain in the arms

cause: 
A spinal headache is the result of low cerebrospinal fluid pressure following a lumbar puncture. For this reason, it’s also known as a postdural puncture headache.

treatment:
intake of pain relievers
hydration
avoid being in an upright position
In some cases, an epidural blood patch might be used


2] Post-traumatic headache

symptoms: 
sensitivity to light and noise, 
nausea, 
dizziness, 
vomiting, 
insomnia, 
poor concentration, 
fatigue
personality changes like depression or nervousness
The headache might also have a pulsating quality that worsens with activity

cause: 
Post-traumatic headaches can develop after any type of head injury. These headaches feel like migraine or tension headaches.Post-traumatic headache happens because of the muscle tensing that goes on during the injury, Or when blood vessels may narrow, keeping blood from flowing to the head like it normally does.

treatment:
prescribed medications like:
triptans
sumatriptan (Imitrex)
beta-blockers
amitriptyline


3] Rebound headache

symptoms: 
incapacitating pain
insomnia
poor quality of sleep
nausea
psychological distress
anxiety
depression
irritability

cause: 
Medication overuse headaches or rebound headaches are caused by regular, long-term use of medication to treat headaches, such as migraines. Pain relievers offer relief for occasional headaches. But if you take them more than a couple of days a week, they may trigger medication overuse headaches.

treatment:
abstinence from medication that is being taking to manage pain
take a preventive daily medication that doesn’t cause rebound headaches and prevents the headaches from occurring to begin with


4] Hypertension headache

symptoms:
changes in vision
numbness or tingling
nosebleeds
chest pain
shortness of breath
headache occurs on both sides of head and gets worse with any activity
pulsating headache

cause: 
It occurs when the blood pressure becomes dangerously high.

treatment:
maintain blood pressure


5] Exertion headache

symptoms:
Effects on vision, such as blind spots
Nausea and vomiting
Sensitivity to light
Neck pain
Pain on one or both sides of the head
Pulsating or throbbing

causes: 
Exertion headaches happen quickly after periods of intense physical activities like weightlifting, running, sexual intercourse, etc. It’s thought that these activities cause increased blood flow to the skull, which can lead to a throbbing headache on both sides of the head.

treatment:
OTC pain relievers, such as aspirin or ibuprofen (Advil), typically ease symptoms.
In some cases, increased frequency may be a sign of a serious underlying condition, visit doctor.


6] Caffeine headache

symptoms:
fatigue
anxiety
difficulty concentrating
depressed mood
irritability
tremors
low energy

causes: 
caffeine narrows the blood vessels that surround the brain, when consumption is stopped, the blood vessels enlarge. This causes an increase in blood flow around the brain and pressures surrounding nerves.

treatment:
Keeping caffeine intake at a steady, reasonable level — or quitting it entirely — can prevent these headaches from happening.


7] Hormone headache

symptoms:
loss of appetite
fatigue
acne
joint pain
decreased urination
lack of coordination
constipation
cravings for alcohol, salt, or chocolate

causes: 
Estrogen controls chemicals in the brain that affect the sensation of pain. A drop in estrogen levels can trigger a headache. Hormone levels change for a variety of reasons, including:
Menstrual cycle
Pregnancy
perimenopause and menopause
contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy
skipping meals
getting too much or too little sleep
stress

treatment:
OTC pain relievers like naproxen (Aleve) or prescription medications like frovatriptan (Frova) can work to manage pain.
relaxation techniques
yoga
acupuncture
eating a modified diet